[global]
monitor = 0
follow = mouse
width = 280
height = 80
origin = top-right
offset = 10x42
scale = 0
indicate_hidden = yes
shrink = no
separator_color = auto
separator_height = 4
line_height = 4
padding = 15
horizontal_padding = 5
frame_width = 1
sort = no
idle_threshold = 120
font = BlexMono SemiBold 10
markup = full
format = %s\n%b
alignment = left
show_age_threshold = 60
word_wrap = yes
ignore_newline = no
stack_duplicates = false
hide_duplicate_count = yes
show_indicators = yes 
icon_position = left
max_icon_size = 48
sticky_history = yes
history_length = 20
browser = x-www-browser -new-tab
always_run_script = true
title = Dunst
class = Dunst

[urgency_low]
timeout = 2
background = "#009933"
foreground = "#ffffff"
frame_color = "#e0af68"

[urgency_normal]
timeout = 5
background = "#004d00"
foreground = "#ffffff"
frame_color = "#000000"

[urgency_critical]
timeout = 0
background = "#db4b4b"
foreground = "#e0af68"
frame_color = "#01579B"
